feat(metric): add metric query (#160)
propeldata/ui-kit: app/storybook/documentation/ui-kit/MetricQuery.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react'
import { SourceCode } from '../../.storybook/blocks/SourceCode'
import * as CounterMetricQueryStories from '../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/hooks/useCounter/CounterMetric.stories'

<Meta title="Getting started/Metric" /> 

> # `Metric`
> 
> The metric query is used to query a `Metric` in counter, time series, or leaderboard format.
> 
> The application scope shoul be authorized to do with the given API including `METRIC_QUERY`, `METRIC_READ` and `DATA_POOL_QUERY`.

Reviewer: I think we can make this description more accurate by mentioning metric-less queries
```suggestion
# `Metric`

The metric query is used to query a `Metric` or a `Data Pool`'s data in counter, time series, or leaderboard format. When querying a `Data Pool` you can configure it to work as one of the [metric types](https://www.propeldata.com/docs/metrics#type).

The application scopes for `Metric` queries should include `METRIC_QUERY` and `METRIC_READ`, for `Data Pool` queries the `DATA_POOL_QUERY` scope should also be included.
```

> # `Metric`
> The metric query is used to query a `Metric` or a `Data Pool`'s data in counter, time series, or leaderboard format. When querying a `Data Pool` 
> you can configure it to work as one of the [metric types](https://www.propeldata.com/docs/metrics#type). 
> 
> The application scopes for `Metric` queries should include `METRIC_QUERY` and `METRIC_READ`, for `Data Pool` queries the `DATA_POOL_QUERY` scope should also be included.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Querying Metrics

Propel's UI Kit allows you to query data you've loaded into Propel as metrics by passing the `metric` prop to components and query hooks. UI Kit then issues requests to Propel using your access token and the `metric` prop in order to query your data and visualize the results in the frontend.

There are two main ways to query metrics:

- **Query predefined metrics:** This approach allows you to define metrics in Propel's backend and to query them by name or ID in the frontend. You provide the metric name or ID in the `metric` prop, and Propel queries it. This approach requires your Application's access token to have the `METRIC_QUERY` scope.
- **Query metrics on-the-fly.** This approach offers the most flexibility to the frontend. You provide an inline metric definition in the `metric` prop, and Propel uses this to query your data, without you having to define metrics ahead of time. This approach requires your Application's access token to have the `DATA_POOL_QUERY` scope.

You can also mix and match the two approaches. For example, you may want to display predefined metrics to your users, while also offering them the ability to query metrics on-the-fly. Just ensure you setup the appropriate scopes for your Application and access policies for your data.

See below for examples of the different ways to query metrics. Each of the examples uses a Counter, but the approaches also work for other components and query hooks. 
```

Reviewer 2: Need your input here, too, @acossta

> ### Counter metric query by `id`
> 
> <SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryById} shown />
> 
> ### Counter metric query by `name`
> 
> <SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryByName} shown />
> 
> ### Counter metric query by `sum`
> 
> <SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryBySum} shown />
> 
> ### Counter metric query by `custom`
> 
> <SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryByCustom} shown />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Query a predefined metric by `id`

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryById} shown />

### Query a predefined metric by `name`

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryByName} shown />

### Query a `sum` metric on-the-fly

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryBySum} shown />

### Query a `custom` metric on-the-fly

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryByCustom} shown />
```

and Propel uses this to query your data, without you having to define metrics ahead of time. This approach requires your Application's access token to have 
the `DATA_POOL_QUERY` scope.  

You can also mix and match the two approaches. For example, you may want to display predefined metrics to your users, while also offering them the ability to 
query metrics on-the-fly. Just ensure you setup the appropriate scopes for your Application and access policies for your data.  

See below for examples of the different ways to query metrics. Each of the examples uses a Counter, but the approaches also work for other components 
and query hooks. 

### Query a predefined metric by `id`

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryById} shown />

### Query a predefined metric by `name`

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryByName} shown />

### Query a `sum` metric on-the-fly

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryBySum} shown />

### Query a `custom` metric on-the-fly

<SourceCode of={CounterMetricQueryStories.CounterMetricQueryByCustom} shown />

> See the documentation below for a complete reference for `MetricInput` :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the documentation below for a complete reference for `MetricInput`:
```
